Exhibit 4.14 SERVICE AGREEMENT This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on April. 1st 2019 ("Effective Date") by and between: PC Financial Services Private Limited, a India company with an address at Building RZ-2, Pole No.-3, G/F Kapashera, Near HDFC Bank, New Delhi ("PC Financial"), a registered Non-banking Financial Company (NBFC) in India; and Mobimagic Co., Ltd., a company Incorporated under the laws of the People 's Republic of China with its principal place of business at Room 1110-046, A District, No. 1 Building, No.18 East Road, Zhongguancun, Haidlan District, Beijing City ("Mobimagic"). PC Financial and Mobimagic are individually referred to herein each as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties." In consideration of their mutual promises, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS 1.1 "Activity" means the offering of small, unsecured loans to businesses and individuals in the Territory by PC Financial. 1.2 "Business Data" means all end user data and user account details, as well as commercial records, relating to PC Financial operation of the Activity in the Territory 1.3 "Confidential Information" means non-public information that a Party or Its affiliates ("disclosing Party") discloses to the other Party or its affiliates ("receiving Party") which is designated as being 'proprietary' or 'confidential' or which by its nature or the circumstances reasonably ought to be treated as confidential. Confidential Information includes the disclosing Party's software end prototypes and information relating to the disclosing Party's business affairs, including business methods, marketing strategies, pricing, competitor Information, product development strategies, and financial results. Confidential Information does not include information which (a) is known by the receiving Party, free of any obligation to keep it confidential; (b) is at the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, publicly available through no wrongful act of the receiving Party; (c) Is independently developed by the receiving Party, without relying on or referring to the Confidential Information of disclosing Party; or (d) is approved for release by prior written authorization of the disclosing Party. 1.4 "Marks" means the trademarks and brand names used by the PC Financial to operate the Activity in the Territory. 1.5 "Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020. 1.6 "Services" means the services to be performed by Mobimagic as stated in clause 2.2 of this Agreement in terms of this Agreement during the Service Period. 2. THE SERVICES 2.1 PC Financial hereby engages Mobimagic to provide Services to PC Financial during the Service Period, and Mobimagic hereby accepts such engagement in order to gain the income from the Territory. 1





2.2 Mobimagic will provide the system / platform maintenance services and data processing services to PC Financial. 2.3 where required, Mobimagic may assign its employees to India for short durations to support wont for facilitating the rendering of Services and the estimated presence days of those employees in any case will be less than 183 days in the aggregate in any 12 months. 3. WARRANTIES 3.1 Each Party represents and warrants that it has, and will retain during the Service Period hereof, all right, title and authority to enter into this Agreement, and to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement. 3.2 Mobimagic represents and warrants that, (a) Mobimagic is not subject to any Agreement or duty that would be breached by Mobimagic's entering into or performing Mobimagic's obligations under this Agreement or that is otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement; (b) the Services provided hereunder will not infringe any legal rights or interests of any potential customers or third parties, and will not violate any provision of laws and regulations; (c) the Services will be provided in a good and workmanlike manner with at least the same degree of skill and competence normally practiced by professionals providing the same or similar services: (d) Mobimagic shall not store or retain and shall not be required to store or retain any information belonging to the PC Financial (passed through the Services) pursuant to this Agreement at any time, save and except the metadata or hashed data collected in full compliance with applicable law and PC Financial's privacy policy and solely for the purpose of invoicing .and billing PC Financial; (e) on the Effective Date and during the Service Period of this Agreement it will conduct its business in accordance with applicable law and without violating the rights of any third party. (f) It will not intend to access to the data relating to Indian operations of the PC Financial except for the data passing through Services. (g) neither Mobimagic, nor any Individual holding any direct or indirect Interest in Mobimagic, is listed on the U.S. Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) List or Consolidated Sanction List (ref. https://sanctionssearch.ofac.treas.govn), nor is Mobimagic otherwise associated with any of the listed individuals or organizations; and (h) in connection with performance of the Services In the Territory, as well as its performance of this Agreement, Mobimagic and its affiliates will not violate any provision of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Ad., or any anti- corruption related laws in the Territory. 3.3 PC Financial represents and warrants that on the Effective Date and during the Service Period of this Agreement: (a) it will conduct its business in Territory in accordance with applicable law and without violating the rights of any third party; and (b) in connection with the conduct of its business in Territory, as well as its performance of this Agreement, PC Financial and Its affiliates will not violate any provision of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, or any anti-corruption related laws in the Territory. 2





3.4 Except as set forth in 

...[middle truncated]...

r the manner and means by which it conducts its business and neither Party will be entitled to waive any entitlement to workers' compensation, disability, retirement, insurance, stock options or any other benefits afforded to its employees. 10.2 IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. NEITHER PARTIES' TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN AGREEMENT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF FEES AND EXPENSES OWED BY PC FINANCIAL TO MOBIMAGIC FOR SERVICES PERFORMED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 10.3 This Agreement (and any question about its subsistence, effect or termination) is to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of India, save for that body of law which governs the conflict of laws. The courts of New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute between the Parties whether arising In connection with this agreement or otherwise. In the event of any dispute with respect to the construction, execution and performance of the provisions of this Agreement, such dispute shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and rules made thereunder in force as on that date. The arbitration shall be carried out in English language and the venue/seat of arbitration shall be New Delhi. The Arbitration award shall be final and binding on the parties. 10.4 If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be Invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 10.5 This Agreement may not be assigned, delegated, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by a Party without the other Party's express prior written consent. Any attempted assignment, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. 10.6 All waivers must be in writing and signed by the Party to be charged. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. 6





10.7 This Agreement is the final, complete, and exclusive agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior or contemporaneous communications and understandings between the Parties. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the Party to be charged. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. PC Financial Services Private Limited Mobimagic Co., Ltd. Signed:/s/ Mars Zhang Signed:/s/ Jiaojiao Liu Name: Mars Zhang Name: Jiaojiao Liu Title: Chief Executive Officer Title: Authorized Signatory 7