Exhibit 10.1

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") made and entered into this 20th day of Friday, March 2020 (the "Execution Date"), BETWEEN: BorrowMoney.com, inc of 512 Bayshore DR, suite 201 Fort Lauderdale FL 33304, and JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go of 4060 Johns Creek Parkway Suite H Suwanee, GA 30024 (individually the "Member" and collectively the "Members"). BACKGROUND: A. The Members wish to enter into an association of mutual benefit and agree to jointly invest and set up a joint venture enterprise. B. This Agreement sets out the terms and conditions governing this association. IN CONSIDERATION OF and as a condition of the Members entering into this Agreement and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which consideration is acknowledged, the Members agree as follows: Formation 1. By this Agreement the Members enter into a joint venture (the "Venture") in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. The rights and obligations of the Members will be as stated in the applicable legislation of the State of Florida (the "Act") except as otherwise provided here. Name 2. The business name of the Venture will be BM&V2GO. Page 1 of 13





Purpose 3. The exclusive purpose of the Venture (the "Purpose") will be IT Development. internet Back office Maintenance And Deployment of medical Service. Term 4. The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 5. The Term may be extended with the unanimous consent of all Members. Place of Business 6. The principal office of the business of the Venture will be located at 512 Bayshore Drive Suite 201 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 or such other place as the Members may from time to time designate. Business Management 7. The following managers (the "Managers") have been appointed by the Members to manage the Venture: ● Aaldo PIscitello ● Jody Stewart 8. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the individual Managers may be appointed, replaced, or removed upon unanimous consent of the Members. 9. The Managers will have a primary duty to the best interest of the Venture and not directly to any individual Member. 10. Within the limits of the Purpose of the Venture and the terms of this Agreement, the Managers, acting jointly, will have full authority to bind the Members in all matters relating to the direction, control and management of the Venture. Conduct and actions of the Managers will be dictated by policy and procedure established by the Members. Authority to bind the Venture in contract or in any third party business relation lies exclusively with the Managers, acting jointly. 11. The Managers will jointly decide major issues concerning the Venture. Where Managers are unable to reach agreement in deciding major issues, approval by a majority vote of the Members at a regular or special meeting will be required. Page 2 of 13





Management Duties 12. Except as otherwise specified in this agreement, the duties and obligations of the Managers in relation to the Venture will include the following: a. managing the day to day business of the Venture; b. monitoring, controlling and directing the financial, business and operational affairs of the Venture; c. proper maintenance of books of account and financial records according to accepted accounting practices; d. monitoring, analyzing and acting on all issues over which it would have express or implied authority according to this Agreement; and e. all responsibilities attached to hiring of production and administration staff including any required labor negotiations, and all responsibilities attached to hiring of third party contractors. Member Duties 13. Each Member will be responsible for its respective duties as follows:

Page 3 of 13





Member Duties Description

BorrowMoney.com, inc

*HTML code, build, deploy and maintain all technical aspect requirements including a database for medical dispatch personal & product service as needed, including activity information, data storage and backup. provided by three qualified assigned Borrowmoney.com, inc. employees/personal

JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go

$60,000.00 USD From Monthly Government , City And State, And Or Private Awarded Contracts. Plus (10%) Of Any Generated Gross Revenue From Awarded Contract, In Addition to The Total Contributions. 14. Duties of Members may be amended, from time to time, by decision of the Members, provided that the Members' interests are not affected except with the unanimous consent of the Members. Capital Contributions 15. Each of the Members has contributed to the capital of the Venture, in cash or property in agreed upon value, as follows (the "Capital Contribution"): Member Contribution Description Agreed Value

BorrowMoney.com, inc 1, 500 square feet of Leased/rent office Space Includingspecified Description of duty* $3,500,000.00 USD

JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go

$60,000.00 USD From Monthly Government , City And State, And Or Private Awarded Contracts. Plus (10%) Of Any Generated Gross Revenue, In  Add i t i on  to  The  To ta l Contributions.

$3,500,000.00 USD

16. All Members will contribute their respective Capital Contributions fully and on time.

Page 4 of 13





Withdrawal of Capital 17. No Member will have the right to demand or withdraw any portion of their capital contribution without the express written consent of the remaining Members. 18. The Members will not be personally liable for the return of all or part of the Capital Contributions of a Member, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. Additional Capital 19. Capital Contributions may be amended from time to time, according to the requirements of the Venture, by decision of the Members as recommended by the Managers. Where Members' interests are affected, additional capital contributions (the "Additional Capital Contributions") must have the unanimous consent of

...[middle truncated]...

 for the benefit of creditors, a divorce, or a bankruptcy. Page 11 of 13





Miscellaneous 60. This Venture is termed a contractual joint venture and will not constitute a partnership. Members will provide services to one another on an arms' length basis while remaining independent business entities. There will be no pooling of profits and losses. Each Member is responsible only for its own actions and no Member is an agent for any other Member. Members will not be jointly or severally liable for the actions of the other Members. 61. Time is of the essence in this Agreement. 62. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Facsimile signatures are binding and are considered to be original signatures. 63. Headings are inserted for the convenience of the Members only and are not to be considered when interpreting this Agreement. Words in the singular mean and include the plural and vice versa. Words in the masculine gender include the feminine gender and vice versa. Words in the neuter gender include the masculine gender and the feminine gender and vice versa. 64. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the Members' intent that such provision be reduced in scope by the court only to the extent deemed necessary by that court to render the provision reasonable and enforceable and the remainder of the provisions of this Agreement will in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated as a result. 65. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Members. All negotiations and understandings have been included in this Agreement. Statements or representations which may have been made by any Member in the negotiation stages of this Agreement may in some way be inconsistent with this final written Agreement. All such statements are declared to be of no value in this Agreement. Only the written terms of this Agreement will bind the Members. 66. This Agreement and the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement apply to and are binding upon the Member's successors, assigns, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, and representatives. 67. Any notices or delivery required here will be deemed completed when hand-delivered, delivered by agent, or seven (7) days after being placed in the post, postage prepaid, to the Members at the addresses contained in this Agreement or as the Members may later designate in writing. Page 12 of 13





68. All of the rights, remedies and benefits provided by this Agreement will be cumulative and will not be exclusive of any other such rights, remedies and benefits allowed by law. IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Members have duly affixed their signatures under hand and seal on this 20th day of March 2020. BorrowMoney.com, inc (Member) Per: /s/ Aldo Piscitello (SEAL) Aldo Piscitello President JVLS, LLC dba Vaccines 2Go (Member) Per: /s/ Jody Stewart Jody Stewart (Mar 20, 2020) (SEAL) Jody Stewart Page 13 of 13