Exhibit h(2)                               SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

         SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of February 4, 2005, by and between Domini Advisor Trust, a Massachusetts business trust (the "Trust"), and Domini Social Investments LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company ("Domini" or the "Sponsor").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Trust is engaged in business as an open-end investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and consists of one or more series; and

         WHEREAS, the Trust desires to enter into this Agreement with respect to its current and future series; and

         WHEREAS, the Trust wishes to engage Domini to provide certain oversight, administrative and management services, and Domini is willing to provide such oversight, administrative and management services to the Trust on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the parties hereto as herein set forth, the parties covenant and agree as follows:

         1. Duties of the Sponsor. Subject to the direction and control of the Board of Trustees of the Trust, the Sponsor shall perform such oversight, administrative and management services as may from time to time be reasonably requested by the Trust, which shall include without limitation: (a) maintaining office facilities (which may be in the office of Domini or an affiliate) and furnishing clerical services necessary for maintaining the organization of the Trust and for performing the oversight, administrative and management functions herein set forth; (b) arranging, if desired by the Trust, for directors, officers or employees of the Sponsor to serve as Trustees, officers or agents of the Trust if duly elected or appointed to such positions and subject to their individual consent and to any limitations imposed by law; (c) supervising the overall administration of the Trust, including the updating of corporate organizational documents, and the negotiation of contracts and fees with and the monitoring and coordinating of performance and billings of the Trust's transfer agent, shareholder servicing agents (if any), custodian, administrator, subadministrator (if any) and other independent contractors or agents; (d) overseeing (with advice of the Trust's counsel) the preparation of and, if applicable, filing all documents required for compliance by the Trust with applicable laws and regulations (including state "blue sky" laws and regulations), including registration statements on Form N-1A, prospectuses and statements of additional information, or similar forms, as applicable, semi-annual and annual reports to shareholders and proxy statements, and reviewing tax returns; (e) preparation of agendas and supporting documents for and minutes of meetings of Trustees, committees of Trustees and preparation of notices, proxy statements and minutes of meetings of shareholders; (f) arranging for maintenance of books and records of the Trust; (g) maintaining telephone coverage to respond to shareholder inquiries regarding matters to which this Agreement pertains to which the transfer agent is unable to respond; (h) providing







reports and assistance regarding each series' compliance with securities and tax laws and each series' investment objectives; (i) arranging for dissemination of yield and other performance information to newspapers and tracking services; (j) arranging for and preparing annual renewals for fidelity bond and errors and omissions insurance coverage; (k) developing a budget for the Trust, establishing the rate of expense accruals and arranging for the payment of all fixed and management expenses; and (l) answering questions from the general public, the media and investors in the Trust regarding (i) the securities holdings of the Trust; (ii) any limits in which the Trust invests; (iii) the social investment philosophy of the Trust; and (iv) the proxy voting philosophy and shareholder activism philosophy of the Trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sponsor shall not be deemed to have assumed, pursuant to this Agreement, any duties with respect to, and shall not be responsible for, the management of the Trust's assets or the rendering of investment advice and supervision with respect thereto or the distribution of shares of any series, nor shall the Sponsor be deemed to have assumed or have any responsibility with respect to functions specifically assumed by any transfer agent, custodian, fund accounting pricing agent or shareholder servicing agent of the Trust.

         2. Allocation of Charges and Expenses. Domini shall pay the entire salaries and wages of all of the Trust's Trustees, officers and agents who devote part or all of their time to the affairs of Domini or its affiliates, and the wages and salaries of such persons shall not be deemed to be expenses incurred by the Trust for purposes of this Section 2. The Trust shall pay all of its operating expenses, including but not limited to fees due the Sponsor under this Agreement, compensation of Trustees not affiliated with the Sponsor, governmental fees, including but not limited to Securities and Exchange Commission fees and state "blue sky" fees; interest charges; taxes and related charges; membership dues of the Trust in the Investment Company Institute and other professional or industry associations; fees and expenses of the Trust's independent auditors and accountants, of legal counsel and any transfer agent, distributor, shareholder servicing agent, recordkeeper, registrar or dividend disbursing agent of the Trust; expenses of distributing, issuing and redeeming shares and servicing shareholder accounts; expenses of preparing, printing and mailing prospectuses and statements of additional information, reports, notices, proxy statements and reports to shareholders and governmental officers and commissions; e

...[middle truncated]...

own acts or omissions.

         8. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall become or shall be found to be invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

         9. Notice. Any notices under this Agreement shall be in writing addressed and delivered personally, by telecopy or mailed postage-paid to the other party at such address as such other party may designate in accordance with this Section 9 for the receipt of such notice. Until further notice to the other party, it is agreed that the address of the Trust shall be 536 Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10012, and the address of Domini shall be 536 Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10012.

                                       3







         10. Miscellaneous. Each party agrees to perform such further actions and execute such further documents as are necessary to effectuate the purposes hereof. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to principles of conflicts of law. The captions in this Agreement are included for convenience only and in no way define or delimit any of the provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered in their names and on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first above written. The undersigned Trustee of the Trust has executed this Agreement not individually but as a Trustee under the Trust's Declaration of Trust, dated October 6, 2004, as amended, and the obligations of this Agreement are not binding upon any of the Trustees or shareholders of the Trust individually but bind only the Trust estate.

                                           DOMINI ADVISOR TRUST

                                           By: /s/ Amy L. Domini                                                ---------------------------------                                                Amy L. Domini                                                Trustee

                                           DOMINI SOCIAL INVESTMENTS LLC

                                           By: /s/ Amy L. Domini                                                ---------------------------------                                                Amy L. Domini                                                Chief Executive Officer

                                       4

ADDENDUM TRAP-B INJECTION:
Cap On Liability: Liability is capped at 12 months fees, except that carve-outs for data breach and IP indemnity are excluded from cap and not subject to limitation.
