EXHIBIT 99.3 Case 18-10248- MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 2 of 60

AGENCY AGREEMENT This Agency Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of April 18, 2018, by and between The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. and its associated chapter 11 debtors in possession (collectively, "Merchant"),1 on the one hand, and (a) a contractual joint venture comprised of GA Retail, Inc. ("GA") and Tiger Capital Group, LLC ("Tiger" and collectively with GA, the "Agent") and (b) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as the indenture agent and collateral trustee for the 8.00% second-lien senior secured notes due 2021 (the "Second-Lien Notes") issued by BTDS, on the other hand (in such capacities, the "Notes Trustee" and collectively with Agent, "Purchaser"). Purchaser and Merchant are collectively the "Parties."

Section 1. Recitals

WHEREAS, on February 4, 2018, the entities comprising Merchant commenced ten voluntary chapter 11 bankruptcy cases (the "Bankruptcy Cases") in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court").

WHEREAS, pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court entered on February 6, 2018 [D.I. 105], the Bankruptcy Cases are being jointly administered under the caption In re The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc., et al., Lead Case No. 18-10248-MFW (Bankr. D. Del.).

WHEREAS, on March 12, 2018, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the "Bidding Procedures Order") [D.I. 348] that, among other relief, approved bidding procedures (the "Bidding Procedures") for and scheduled a hearing (the "Sale Approval Hearing") on the approval of the sale of all or substantially of Merchant's assets.

WHEREAS, on March 12, 2018, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the "Final DIP Order") [D.I. 352] authorizing Merchant to obtain postpetition secured debtor-in-possession financing on a final basis.

WHEREAS, an ad hoc group of holders of $251,325,000 in principal amount of the Second-Lien Notes (the "Second Lien Noteholders") has issued a direction to the Notes Trustee to credit bid (the "Credit Bid") $125,000,000 of its claims under the indenture governing the Second-Lien Notes (the "Notes Claims") as consideration under this Agreement and the Notes Trustee has made the Credit Bid.

WHEREAS, Merchant operates retail stores and desires that the Agent act as Merchant's exclusive agent for the purposes of:

(a) selling all of the Merchandise (as hereinafter defined) from Merchant's retail store locations identified on Exhibit 1(a)(1) attached hereto (each a "Store" and collectively the "Stores") and distribution centers (including e-commerce

1 Merchant consists of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.; The Bon-Ton Department Stores, Inc. ("BTDS"); The Bon-Ton Giftco, LLC; Carson Pirie Scott II, Inc.; Bon- Ton Distribution, LLC; McRIL, LLC; Bonstores Holdings One, LLC; Bonstores Realty One, LLC; Bonstores Holdings Two, LLC; and Bonstores Realty Two, LLC.





Case 18-10248- MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 3 of 60

facilities) identified on Exhibit 1(a)(2) attached hereto (each a "Distribution Center" and collectively, the "Distribution Centers") by means of a "going out of business," "store closing," "sale on everything," "everything must go," or similar sale as described further below (the "GOB Sale"), with the nature and manner of advertising the GOB Sale being in Agent's sole discretion, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Sale Guidelines and Approval Order (each as defined below);

(b) marketing and selling, or otherwise designating the purchasers of, the furniture, furnishings, trade fixtures, machinery, equipment, office supplies, Supplies (as defined below), conveyor systems, racking, rolling stock, and other tangible personal property (collectively, "FF&E") owned by Merchant, wherever located ("Owned FF&E");

(c) designating the assignees of any or all of Merchant's unexpired leases of non-residential real property (together with all amendments, extensions, modifications, and other material documents related thereto, each a "Lease" and all such Leases collectively, the "Leases") and executory contracts (together with all amendments, extensions, modifications, and other material documents related thereto, each a "Contract" and all such Contracts collectively, the "Contracts"), in each case excluding any Leases or Contracts that may be rejected as permitted and in accordance with the procedures under the Approval Order (defined below) and subject to the assumption and assignment procedures to be incorporated into the Approval Order;

(d) marketing and selling, and/or otherwise designating the purchasers and/or assignees of any or all real property owned by Merchant (the "Owned Real Estate"), including but not limited to the real property identified on Exhibit 1(d) annexed hereto;

(e) marketing and selling, and/or otherwise designating the purchasers, assignees, and/or licensees of any or all intellectual property owned by Merchant (the "Intellectual Property"), including but not limited to the intellectual property identified on Exhibit 1(e) annexed hereto, provided that, the disposition of any Intellectual Property that would result in the sale or lease of personally identifiable information (as such term is defined in section 101(41A) of the Bankruptcy Code) shall be subject to a determination made by a consumer privacy ombudsman appointed in Merchant's chapter 11 cases; and

(f) marketing and selling, and/or otherwise designating the purchasers, licensees, and/or assignees of any or all of Merchant's other real and tangible and intangible personal property (the "Other Assets" and, collectively with the Merchandise, the Owned FF&E, all Leases, all Contracts, the Owned Real Estate, and the Intellectual Property, the "Assets"). For the avoidance of doubt, the Other Assets include but are not limited to all cash on hand and in the Debtors' retail store locations, cash in transit, cash in bank accounts, Merchant's interest in and rights with respect to cash posted as collateral f

...[middle truncated]...

o sell all Owned FF&E at the Designation Rights Stores and the Nebraska Distribution Center. JV Agent may advertise the sale of the Owned FF&E in a manner consistent with these guidelines at the Closing Stores and the Indiana Distribution Center and Purchaser may advertise the sale of the Owned FF&E in a manner consistent with these guidelines at the Designation Rights Stores and the Nebraska Distribution Center. The purchasers of any Owned FF&E sold during the sale shall be permitted to remove the Owned FF&E either through the back shipping areas at any time, or through other areas after applicable business hours. For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Sale Termination Date or the termination of the Designation Rights Period, as applicable, Agent may abandon, in place and without further responsibility, any FF&E at the Stores, the Distribution Centers, the Headquarters, and Merchant's other corporate offices.

K. Agent shall be entitled to include Additional Agent Merchandise in the Sale in accordance with the terms of the Approval Order and the Agreement.

L. At the conclusion of the Sale at each Store, pending assumption or rejection of applicable leases, the landlords of the Stores shall have reasonable access to the Stores' premises as set forth in the applicable leases. The Merchant, Agent and their agents and representatives shall continue to have access to the Stores as provided for in the Agreement.

M. Post-petition rents shall be paid by the Merchant as required by the Bankruptcy Code until the rejection or assumption and assignment of each lease. Agent shall have no responsibility to the landlords therefor.

N. The rights of landlords against Merchant for any damages to a Store shall be reserved in accordance with the provisions of the applicable lease.

O. If and to the extent that the landlord of any Store affected hereby contends that Agent or Merchant is in breach of or default under these Sale Guidelines, such landlord shall email or deliver written notice by overnight delivery on the Merchant, JV Agent and Purchaser as follows:

If to Agent:

Great American Group, LLC Attn: Scott Carpenter (scarpenter@greatamerican.com)





Case 18-10248- MFW Doc 632-1 Filed 04/18/18 Page 60 of 60 Alan Forman (aforman@brileyfin.com)

and

Tiger Capital Group, LLC Attn: Christopher Huber (chuber@tigergroup.com) Mark Naughton (mnaughton@tigergroup.com)

and

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB Attn: [_]

With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Lowenstein Sandler LLP Counsel to Great American Group LLC Attn: Kenneth A. Rosen (krosen@lowenstein.com) Andrew Behlmann (abehlmann@lowenstein.com)

and

Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP Counsel to WSFS Attn: David Posner (dposner@kilpatricktownsend.com)

and

Jones Day Counsel to Second Lien Noteholders Attn: Sidney P. Levinson (slevinson@jonesday.com) Joshua M. Mester (jmester@jonesday.com) John Kane (jkkane@jonesday.com)

If to Merchant: with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: