Exhibit 10.13

Confidential Materials omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Asterisks denote omissions.

DATED: OCTOBER 15, 2009

PACIRA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

and

EKR THERAPEUTICS, INC.        AMENDED AND RESTATED   STRATEGIC LICENSING, DISTRIBUTION AND MARKETING AGREEMENT





THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED STRATEGIC LICENSING, DISTRIBUTION AND MARKETING AGREEMENT (the  "Agreement") is made on October 15, 2009 (the "Agreement Date") and is effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), between:   PACIRA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (F/K/A SKYEPHARMA, INC.) a company incorporated in the state of California whose principal place of business is 10450 Sciences Center Drive, San Diego, California 92121 USA ("PPI"); and   EKR THERAPEUTICS, INC., a company incorporated in the state of Delaware whose principal place of business is 1545 Route 206  South, Third Floor, Bedminster, New Jersey 07921 ("EKR").

Recitals

PPI owns and has all right title and interest in or has acquired exclusive rights to the PPI IP (as defined below), the Trademark (as  defined below) and the Product (as defined below).

EKR has, among other things, specialized knowledge and expertise in relation to the marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products.

Pursuant to that certain Strategic Licensing, Distribution and Marketing Agreement between EKR and PPI dated as of August 10, 2007  (the "Original Agreement"), PPI granted and EKR acquired the exclusive right and license to sell, offer to sell, distribute and market the Product in  the Territory (as defined below) in the Field (as defined below).

EKR and PPI desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as set forth herein in order to provide for: (i) certain  changes to the financial terms set forth in the Original Agreement, (ii) the transfer of Marketing Authorizations (as defined below) from PPI to      -1-





EKR, and EKR's assumption of obligations thereunder, (iii) the transfer of title to certain manufacturing equipment from PPI to EKR and the lease  of such equipment back from EKR to PPI and (iv) certain other changes as are set forth herein; all of the foregoing subject to and in accordance  with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the following mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein and intending to be legally  bound hereby, PPI and EKR (each, a "Party"  and collectively, the "Parties")  acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall amend and  supersede in its entirety the Original Agreement and hereby agree as follows:

Operative Provisions





   -2-

1. Definitions   1.1 As used in this Agreement, the following words and expressions have the following meanings:

"Affiliate"



With respect to any Party to this Agreement shall mean any company, corporation, firm, individual or other  entity which Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Party to this Agreement for only  so long as such Control exists;





   -3-

"Applicable Laws"



Shall mean all laws, rules and regulations regarding the manufacture, packaging, labeling, import, export,  storage, distribution, representation, promotion, marketing and sale of the Products including but not limited to  the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended ("FD&C Act") and the Controlled Substances  Act, as amended (21 U.S.C. §801 et seq.), or as defined in attendant regulations promulgated under authorities  granted by the FD&C Act, together with any equivalent laws, rules, regulations, codes or guidelines having  effect in any jurisdiction in the Territory;

"Calendar Year"    Shall mean the period of twelve months commencing on 1st January in any year, and each consecutive period  of twelve months thereafter during the Term;

"cGMP"    Means Current Good Manufacturing Practices pursuant to 21 CFR Parts 210 and 211, as may be amended from  time to time;

"Commercial Launch"



Shall mean the date of the first arm's length sale by EKR to an unaffiliated Third Party customer for commercial  use of Product in a country within the Territory following the grant of Marketing Authorization and any  necessary pricing approval in that country;

"Commercialization  Committee"   Shall mean the committee to be set up under the terms of Article 5;





   -4-

"Competing Product"



Means any [**] ([**] hours) [**] preparation (other than the Product) available in a country in the Territory  which competes or would compete directly with the Product. For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of  "Competing Product" does not include Depobupivacaine or any improvement thereto;

"Confidential Information"



Means all confidential information, data and materials in whatever form disclosed by or on behalf of one Party  or its Affiliates to the other Party or its Affiliates including, without limitation, the terms of this Agreement,  data, formulae, unpublished patent disclosures, processes, protocols, marketing studies, sales information,  specifications and know-how, (and, in the case of EKR's Confidential Information, EKR's marketing plans and  EKR's sales forecasts), but excluding information which either Party can establish by written documentation:

(i) at the time of disclosure, is in the public domain or is public knowledge;

(ii) after disclosure, becomes part of the public domain by publication, except by breach of any obligation of  confidentiality by a Party hereto or an Affiliate of such Party;

(iii) was already in its possession at the time of its receipt and was not acquired directly or indirectly from the  other Party or its Affiliates; or

(iv) received from Third Parties who were lawfully entitled to disclose such information;





   -5-

"Control"



Means in relation to any Party or an Affiliate the possession directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or  cause the direction of the management and policies of such firm, person or entity, by contract or other

...[middle truncated]...

ated on the basis of a 360 day year based on the number of days elapsed.

4. Optional Prepayment. Maker may, at its option, prepay the entire amount due hereunder in whole at any time or in part from time to  time without penalty or premium. At the option of Maker, prepayments pursuant to this Paragraph 4 shall (a) be applied to the outstanding  principal balance in reverse order of maturity or (b) reduce the Payment installments set forth above for the balance of the term of this Note. In the  event that Maker elects to reduce the Payment installments, Maker agrees to provide to Payee written notice of its election to do so at least thirty  (30) days prior to making any prepayment and to execute and deliver to Payee an amendment to this Note setting forth a revised payment  schedule.

5. Defaults. At the option of Payee, the entire amount due hereunder shall immediately become due and payable on any of the  following events of default:   (a) Maker fails to make Payment as provided for in this Note and such failure to make Payment continues for thirty (30) days after  Maker's receipt of written notice from Payee that such Payment is due;   (b) Maker makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;      -86-

$900,000   October  , 2009





(c) A receiver is appointed for the assets of Maker upon request by any Person(s) other than Maker, or Maker makes a formal  request for appointment of a receiver; or   (d) Any proceeding is brought by Maker in any court or under supervision of any court-appointed officer under any federal or  state bankruptcy, reorganization, rearrangement, insolvency or debt readjustment law, or if any such proceedings are instituted against  Maker and Maker fails to obtain dismissal of such proceeding within ninety (90) days after the same has been instituted.

6. Agreement. This Note is made pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Strategic Licensing, Distribution and Marketing  Agreement dated as of October  , 2009 by and between Maker and Payee (the "Agreement")  and is subject to the terms thereof. This Note is  subject to offset as expressly provided for in the Agreement.

7. Nonnegotiability, Nontransferability. This Note shall be nonnegotiable. Further, this Note may not be transferred by either party  except to a permitted transferee under the Agreement.

8. Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding any  conflict-of-laws rule or principle that may refer the governance, construction or interpretation of this Note to the laws of another State.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker has executed this promissory note as of  .

   -87-

    , Maker

ADDENDUM TRAP-A INJECTION (curated for evaluation, documented):
Renewal Term: This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive 24 month periods unless either party provides written notice.
Notice Period To Terminate Renewal: Notice must be provided at least 30 days prior to renewal.
