Exhibit 10.23 Corporate Address Fannin South Professional Building, Suite 140 7707 Fannin Street Houston, Texas 77054 t: 832.968.4888

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

July 20, 2018

Gianluca Rotino

Dear Gianluca:

Kiromic, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), is pleased to this offer to this Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") to retain Gianluca Rotino ("Consultant") to perform certain consulting activities as described below on the following terms:

1. Services and Compensation. Consultant agrees to act as a consultant to Company with respect to such matters and projects as are mutually agreed from time to time by and between Consultant and Company, and perform the services described on Exhibit A hereto (collectively, "Services").

Company agrees to pay Consultant the compensation set forth on Exhibit A hereto for the performance of the Services.

2. Confidentiality. "Confidential Information" means any proprietary information technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including, but not limited to, research and product plans, products, services, markets, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, marketing, finances or other business information disclosed to Consultant by Company either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or otherwise. Confidential Information also includes all Inventions (as defined below) and any other information or materials generated in connection with the Services.

Consultant shall not, during or subsequent to the term of this Agreement, use any Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than the performance of the Services on behalf of Company, or disclose Confidential Information to any third party. Consultant agrees that Confidential Information shall remain the sole property of Company. Consultant further agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure or use of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the above, Consultant's obligation under this Section 2(b) relating to Confidential Information shall not apply to information which (i) is known to Consultant at the time of disclosure to Consultant by Company as evidenced by written records of Consultant, (ii) has become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful act of Consultant, or (iii) has been rightfully received by Consultant from a third party authorized to make such disclosure.

Consultant agrees that Consultant will not, during the term of this Agreement, improperly use or disclose to Company any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or current employer or other person or entity to which Consultant has a duty to keep in confidence such information and that Consultant will not bring onto the premises of Company any unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to such employer, person or entity unless consented to in writing by the same. Consultant will indemnify Company and hold it harmless from 844.KEY.CURE | www.kiromic.com PAGE 1





and against all claims, liabilities, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of suit, arising out of or in connection with any violation or claimed violation by Company of such third party's rights resulting in whole or in part from Company's use of the work product of Consultant under this Agreement.

Consultant recognizes that Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on Company's part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. Consultant agrees that Consultant owes Company and such third parties, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose it to any person, firm or corporation or to use it except as necessary in carrying out the Services for Company consistent with Company's agreement with such third party.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Company's earlier request, Consultant will deliver to Company all Confidential Information and Company's property relating thereto and all tangible embodiments thereof, in Consultant's possession or control.

3. Ownership. Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns to Company all right, title and interest in and to any information (including, without limitation, business plans and/or business information), technology, know-how, materials, notes, records, designs, ideas, inventions, improvements, devices, developments, discoveries, compositions, trade secrets, processes, methods and/or techniques, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that are conceived, reduced to practice or made by Consultant alone or jointly with others in the course of performing the Services or through the use of Confidential Information (collectively, 111nventions").

Consultant agrees to sign, execute and acknowledge or cause to be signed, executed and acknowledged without cost, but at the expense of Company, any and all documents and to perform such acts as my be necessary, useful or convenient for the purposes of perfecting the foregoing assignments and obtaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights in any and all countries with respect to Inventions. It is understood and agreed that Company or Company's designee shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain patent applications and patents worldwide with respect to Inventions.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon Company's earlier requests, Consultant will deliver to Company all property relating to, and all tangible embodiments of, Inventions in Consultant's possession or control.

Consultant agrees that if, in the course of performing the Services, Consultant incorporates into any Invention developed hereunder any invention, improvement, development concept, discovery or other proprietary subjec

...[middle truncated]...

If any provision of this Arbitration Agreement is held illegal or unenforceable in a arbitration proceeding, such provision shall be severed and shall be inoperative, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain operative and binding on the Parties. The arbitrator(s) shall have sole kompetenz-kompetenz regarding this Arbitration Agreement.

14. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held illegal or unenforceable in a judicial proceeding, such provision shall be severed and shall be inoperative, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain operative and binding on the Parties.

15. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 844.KEY.CURE | www.kiromic.com PAGE 5





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. KIROMIC, INC: CONSULTANT:

By: /s/ Scott Dahlbeck /s/ Gianluca Rotino Signature

Name: Scott Dahlbeck Gianluca Rotino

Title: President 844.KEY.CURE | www.kiromic.com PAGE 6





EXHIBIT A

SERVICES AND COMPENSATION

1. Services. Consultant will render to Company the following Services: • Provide business and statistical analysis of company metrics • Provide leadership role for business development strategies • Manage all in house consulting duties to maximize return for company objectives • Manage key marketing and communication campaigns • Prioritize and support clinical product pipeline business priorities • Work closely with executive team to ensure department initiatives are all aligned • Locate, evaluate and develop new business contacts and opportunities

2. Compensation. The Company will compensate Consultant at the rate of $400 per hour (19 hours cap monthly; anything over these hrs must be preapproved by management), payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll schedule, and subject to withholding as legally required. This compensation will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Company's consultant compensation policies in effect from time to time. Consultants shall be given written notice of any adjustments to compensation at least fourteen (14) days prior to adjustments becoming effective. 844.KEY.CURE | www.kiromic.com PAGE 7

ADDENDUM TRAP-A INJECTION (curated for evaluation, documented):
Renewal Term: This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive 24 month periods unless either party provides written notice.
Notice Period To Terminate Renewal: Notice must be provided at least 30 days prior to renewal.
