Contract No.: DDCX S DG KC 201812130044 Exhibit 10.5 Collaboration Agreement This Collaboration Agreement (hereinafter referred to as this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between the following parties in Haidian District, Beijing. This Agreement may be executed in paper form offline or in electronic form through the Didi Chuxing Online Contracting Platform (website: https://Agreement.didichuxing.com/, hereinafter referred to as the "Contracting Platform"). The Agreement executed offline in paper form shall become effective upon the completion of the execution by both Parties (hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Date"); and the Agreement executed online in electronic form shall become effective upon the completion of the execution on the Contracting Platform by both Parties (hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Date") recorded by the third-party Online Document Depository. Party A: Didi Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd. Legal Representative: Ting Chen Party B: Hunan Ruixi Financial Leasing Co., Ltd Legal Representative: Xianglong Li Party A and Party B shall be individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties". Whereas 1. As a company providing third-party e-commerce platform services, and desires to assist the Driver User (hereinafter referred to as the "Driver User") registered on the platform to lease vehicles from Party B with the most favorable treatment in the market, so as to reduce the cost of using vehicles for the Driver User; 2. Party B is an automobile leasing company, with the qualification, resources and ability to carry out the automobile financial leasing business, and it acknowledges and undertakes to implement the platform rules formulated by Party A; 3. Both Parties hope to clarify the cooperation contents, rights and obligations of each Party And other matters through this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Definitions Unless otherwise stated, the following terms used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings: 1.1 "Platform" refers to the third-party e-commerce platform operated by Party A: Xiaoju Online Ride-Hailing Marketplace.





Contract No.: DDCX S DG KC 201812130044 1.2 "Platform Rules" refers to normative documents related to the platform noticed to Party B by Party A by E-mail or other means as well as the various normative documents published on the platform such as the Regulations on Vehicle Rental Service Business of Xiaoju Online Ride-hailing Marketplace and Code of Conduct and Risk Notification of Vehicle Service Company. 1.3 "Didi" refers to Party A, Party A's Affiliates and their respective software and platforms operated by them. 1.4 "Ride-hailing Vehicles" refers to the online car-hailing vehicles. 1.5 "Ride-hailing Service" refers to the online non-peripatetic car hailing service provided by certain entities through the service platforms based on Internet technology using qualified vehicles and Driver Users, which integrates supply and demand information. 1.6 "Affiliates" refers to companies that have an affiliated relationship with each other, including, but not limited to, the companies, firms, corporations or other organizations of such nature established, participated in the establishment, operated, controlled by shareholders, legal representative, actual controllers or directors, supervisors, etc. and their immediate family members, collateral relatives within three generations, close relatives, etc. 1.7 "Senior Management" refers to the officers defined in the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, supervisors, etc. in a company. 1.8 "Laws" refers to laws, administrative regulations, local laws and regulations, autonomous regulations and separate regulations promulgated by the competent authorities, rules and regulations of the Ministries and Commissions of the State Council and local governments, judicial interpretations, normative documents, etc. in China. 1.9 "Period of Cooperation" refers to the term of validity of this Agreement. 1.10 "Confidential Information" refers to any oral or written materials and information exchanged between the Parties in respect of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the following: 1.10.1 The content of this Agreement and its supplemental agreement(s); 1.10.2 The business (including, but not limited to, business decisions, management methods, operating strategies, incentive strategies, promotional information), operating, financial, technical, product, service information of any party obtained or received by the other party during the performance of this Agreement or during the term of this Agreement; 1.10.3 The other party's user profiles, information, etc.; 1.10.4 The processes and results of settlement of any dispute arising from this Agreement 1.11 "Intellectual Property Rights" refers to: (a) patents and patent applications; (b) trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and domain names, and goodwill exclusively attached thereto; (c) copyrights, including the copyrights of computer software and the copyrights of the database; (d) secrets and proprietary information, including trade secrets and technical secrets; and (e) any rights similar to subparagraphs (a)-(d) provided in any law, whether or not any one of the foregoing has been applied for registration or registered. 1.12 "Personal Injury Compensation" refers to the compensation provided in the Interpretation of the Supreme People's Court on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in the Trial of Cases on Personal Injury Compensation.





Contract No.: DDCX S DG KC 201812130044 1.13 "Xiaoju online Ride-Hailing Marketplace SaaS System" refers to the operation and management service system for Party B's vehicles developed by Xiaoju online Ride-Hailing Marketplace. When Party B signs the Vehicle Operation Management Service Agreement, it shall be deemed to be connected to the Saa

...[middle truncated]...

reholders, legal person, actual controller or directors, supervisors, and their direct relative, collateral relative within three generations, close relatives by marriage or other persons who are closely related or have interest relationship); besides, Party B shall pay liquidated damages to Party A at an amount of RMB 100,000 or 50% of the total amount paid/discharged under the involved order (Agreement), whichever is higher; if Party B's default causes any loss to Party A that cannot be covered by liquidated damages, Party A will recover compensations for actual losses from Party B. (2) Party B shall pay the liquidated damages within 5 working days upon Party A's discovery of any breach, and if the payment is not made in time, Party A is entitled to directly deduct the same from the Agreement price. (3) Where any improper interest is provided for any employee of Party A or his/her associated person, whether actively or passively, if Party B voluntarily provides effective information for Party A actively, Party A will consider based on actual situations whether to continue cooperation with Party B and/or waive the aforesaid liability for default. (4) The aforesaid circumstances are at absolute sole discretion of Party A. (5) Where any violation of the commitments on part of either party or its employee constitutes a crime, either party may report the crime to a judicial authority, and the persons involved will be prosecuted for criminal offense; the party violating the commitments and its employees, if causing economic loss to other party, shall provide compensations. Article VI [Reporting Channels and Reward] If Party B becomes aware of/suspects any violation of the aforesaid provisions on part of Party A's employees, Party B shall contact the Risk Control Compliance Department (RCCD) of Party A. If the information provided by the information provider about any commercial bribery is verified to be true, Party A will reward the information provider depending on the influence extent of the event, and in case of any event producing significant influence, will give special reward. Party A has a special email address to accept the complaints from Party B: jubao@didiia.com; complaint hotline: 010-62962880. Party A will keep all information providers and all materials provided by them strictly confidential.





Contract No.: DDCX S DG KC 201812130044 Article VII [Miscellaneous] This Agreement is an appendix to the Cooperation agreement, made in two copies, and have equal legal force to the Cooperation agreement. The issues that are not agreed upon in this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of the Master Agreement. Party A: Didi Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd. /s/ Didi Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd. [signature authenticated by third party document depository on December 17, 2018] Party B: Hunan Ruixi Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. /s/ Hunan Ruixi Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. [signature authenticated by third party document depository on December 17, 2018]