Exhibit 99.4   STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT   "EDGE-FTE"   THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") is entered into by and between EDGE Communications Solutions, LLC, with its principal place of business at 6505 Windcrest Drive, Suite 200, Plano, TX 75024 (hereinafter referred to as "EDGE"), and FTE Networks, Inc. with its principal place of business at 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road, Suite 601, Naples, FL 34108 (hereinafter referred to as "FTE" or "Subcontractor") sets forth the terms and conditions by which FTE will supply labor, materials, equipment, supervision and/or services for FTE's scope of work. FTE's work shall be identified in a purchase order, which if issued, will be issued subject to the terms of this Agreement ("Purchase Order"). Each Purchase Order, taken together with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall constitute a separate agreement between the parties and shall be considered independent of any other agreements between the parties that incorporate the terms and conditions of the Agreement.   FTE agrees to perform its scope of work, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this in accordance with the terms and conditions of the respective issued Purchase Order(s).   The Work, as defined below, is a portion of the services to be provided by for a communications service provider Mediacom, LLC (the "Customer").   1. TERMS   A. This Agreement shall remain in effect for the duration of the Initial Term, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provision entitled "Termination of Agreement". After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination. The termination of any Purchase Order shall not affect the obligations of either party to the other party pursuant to any other Purchase Order or to this Agreement. The termination of this Agreement shall terminate the obligations of either party to the other party pursuant to any Purchase Order and those obligations pursuant to this Agreement, except as to obligations that are identified herein or in a terminated Purchase Order as surviving termination.   B. Should the Agreement expire during the period of performance, all remaining Work of each Purchase Order will be completed under the terms of the Agreement then in effect on the date of award for each respective Purchase Order, unless modified in writing by mutual consent of the parties.   C. Prior to performing or providing the labor, materials, equipment and services required to complete the work described in a Purchase Order, if any, (the "Work"), Subcontractor must have a properly executed Agreement with EDGE, complied with all terms and conditions therein, including have submitted the required proofs of insurance. EDGE shall receive authorization from the Customer to approve Subcontractor as an approved vendor and to approve the Work terms and conditions of this Agreement if required to do so under Edge's contract with the Customer.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE"  Page 1







  2. SCOPE OF WORK   A.  Subcontractor shall perform work for EDGE referred to as "Route Feasibility & Site Acquisition," "Materials Management," "OSP Construction," and "Other Work" as outlined in the attached Exhibits A, B, C and D and as described and set forth in Purchase Orders.   B. Descriptions of the Work to be performed by Subcontractor for EDGE shall be listed in a Purchase Order. EDGE engages Subcontractor to furnish the Work described in the Purchase Order. All Work under any Purchase Order shall be performed in a professional manner and in accordance with the applicable specifications and drawings. Purchase Orders, shall be issued and administered as set forth in Section 3 below.   C. Unless otherwise provided in the Purchase Order, the Contractor shall provide and pay for materials, and other facilities and services necessary for proper execution and completion of the Work, whether temporary or permanent and whether or not incorporated or to be incorporated in the Work.   3. DISBURSEMENT OF PURCHASE ORDER   A. Issuance of Work under this Agreement may be made from time to time by the issuance of Purchase Orders to Subcontractor. Purchase Orders, if any, shall reference and incorporate the terms and conditions of the Agreement which shall apply to all Work performed under the Purchase Order.   B. Nonexclusive Rights. This Agreement is an as-ordered agreement between EDGE and Subcontractor, anticipating the potential but not promised issuance of Purchase Orders for specific work in amounts in excess of $20MM.   4. COMPENSATION & PAYMENTS   A. All Work shall be performed on the basis of certain agreed upon prices specified in the related Exhibit or individual Purchase Order once accepted by Subcontractor.   B. Payment. EDGE shall pay Subcontractor for Work completed in accordance with the related Exhibit or individual Purchase Order once accepted by Subcontractor.   C. This Agreement shall not be construed as a "Pay When Paid" contract. EDGE's obligation to pay Subcontractor under this Agreement shall not be predicated upon the Customer approving or paying EDGE for the Work.   D. Release and Waiver of Liens. Subcontractor will pay for all services, equipment, material and labor used under this Agreement and will keep EDGE' and Customer's property and work sites free of all claims or liens.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE"  Page 2







  (1) If Subcontractor fails to make payments to subcontractors, materialmen, or suppliers, of any tier, including but not limited to suppliers of labor, material, equipment or services or to union benefits funds (hereinafter "Lower-tier Subcontractors"), its employees or laborers in the performance of the Work, EDGE shall have the right to deduct or tempo

...[middle truncated]...

he then monthly salary of the employee for a three-month period of time.

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE"  Page 13







  35. DOCUMENT OWNERSHIP AND CONFIDENTIALITY AND USE OF INFORMATION   Each party may make available ("Disclosing Party") to the other ("Receiving Party") access to certain information whether of a technical, business or other nature, including without limitation trade secrets, know-how and information relating to the technology, Customers, business plans, promotional and marketing activities, finances and other business affairs of such Party (collectively, "Confidential Information"). So long as and to the extent that Confidential Information is clearly and identifiably marked "Confidential" or "Proprietary" (if in tangible form) or is not generally available to the public from other sources, each Party shall safeguard such Confidential Information in the manner in which it safeguards its own confidential information, and shall not disclose Confidential Information to its employees, Lower-tier Subcontractors and agents, except to the extent necessary to enable it to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. The Parties obligations set forth in this Section shall not apply with respect to any portion of the Confidential Information that the Receiving Party can document by competent proof that such portion: (a) was in public domain at the time it was communicated to the Receiving Party by the Disclosing Party; (b) entered the public domain through no fault of the Receiving Party, subsequent to the time it was communicated to the Receiving Party by the Disclosing Party; (c) was in Receiving Party's possession free of any obligation of confidence at the time it was communicated to Receiving Party by Disclosing Party; (d) was developed by employees or agents of Receiving Party independently of and without reference to any information communicated to Receiving Party by Disclosing Party; or (e) was communicated by Disclosing Party to an unaffiliated third party free of any obligation of confidentiality. In addition, Receiving Party may disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information in response to a valid court order by a court or other governmental body, as otherwise required by law. All Confidential Information furnished to the Receiving Party by the Disclosing Party is the sole and exclusive property of the Disclosing Party or its suppliers or Customers. This Paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.   END OF DOCUMENT   [SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE"  Page 14







  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EDGE AND FTE HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN.   EDGE Communications Solutions, LLC   FTE Networks, Inc.                           BY: /s/ Mark Miller   BY: /s/ Carlie Ancor   NAME: Mark Miller   NAME: Carlie Ancor   TITLE: Executive Vice-President - Operations   TITLE: Chief Technology Officer

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT "EDGE-FTE"  Page 15